Fix Update-Metadata (#163)
microsoft/Documentarian: Projects/Modules/Documentarian/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Fixed bug in `Update-Metadata` and properly handle missing front matter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in `Update-Metadata` to properly handle retrieving and updating front matter.
```
